hello youtube friends today I bring you a
new video on this occasion will be a
video on how to speed up your games in
Android good first thing you have to
to do is go to the link of the description
of the video download a winrar file
which is called l tool once downloaded
this file we have to extract the
extract to two files
inside a folder that is called that l
tools the two files it contains is
the apec to the plugins that are the data
of the application
well let's go with the video
once you have downloaded these two
already extracted files we have them
move to the phone card
in my case I just sent the
SD card
data and here is the gel tools
we install
and we will give you the ready
then the plugins
we do not look where we have sworn our
is our folder plugins do not see here
I got it
we have to send it to memory
internal phone we are going to cut
we go to the internal memory of
phone and here we paste it
and once this is done we have to
go out and enter the gl pulse
As you can see this appears but you do not
it will disappear because I lived I have it
installed a window will appear that
It has three boxes and you have it
to select have to mark the
three already give him install they are
will restart the phone and already once
they are already restarted
you can enter the health tools and already
will have like that I have to clarify that you have to
be a root user if you do not know how to do
check me to another video that I leave in the
link of the video description for
what you see how to do is root user
good in my case I'm going to
and optimize the balance myself
and we click on the configuration that we're going
to use is going to be the next one we are going to
check this box that I did in now of
custom settings for I do not know what it says and
we give in we do not select
and later
the next thing we have to do is
say that you search selected say use
and a fake gpu
we put them we select them from here in
that template we have to select a
of these does not have to be with the one that
has appeared from its processor
in my case I have a qualcomm
and I will give you hay
and here it says to be
our textures have already been optimized
of the game
we left
and we enter our game
and we can already test if it is and if it really
it serves or not
to see how the game goes
as you can see, it has improved before
not a little the guide of this and now not
like him
that's all
I hope you liked the video and
that has served them
you can subscribe if you do them the
video if they liked it anyway
I like to tell me how they have gone
with this video it 's all thanks